Better link to tutorials (#16)
arduino-libraries/Arduino_Pro_Tutorials: README.adoc

image:https://github.com/{repository-owner}/{repository-name}/actions/workflows/compile-examples.yml/badge.svg["Compile Examples status", link="https://github.com/{repository-owner}/{repository-name}/actions/workflows/compile-examples.yml"]
image:https://github.com/{repository-owner}/{repository-name}/actions/workflows/spell-check.yml/badge.svg["Spell Check status", link="https://github.com/{repository-owner}/{repository-name}/actions/workflows/spell-check.yml"]

> This library contains the complete Arduino sketches from the Arduino Pro Tutorials found https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/portenta-h7/[here] under the Tutorials title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library contains the complete Arduino sketches from the Arduino Pro Tutorials found on the Arduino docs website under the Tutorials title of the corresponding product.

* https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/portenta-h7#tutorials[Arduino Portenta H7]
* https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/portenta-h7-lite#tutorials[Arduino Portenta H7 Lite]
* https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/edge-control#tutorials[Arduino Edge Control]
* https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/portenta-vision-shield#tutorials[Arduino Portenta Vision Shield]
```
